Widgets in joined array (#1894)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/display-section.md

JoinedArray widgets render all the values of an array of strings as a comma-separated list.

#### Widget-specific parameters

- **separator** - a string by which the elements of the array are separated. The default value is a comma `,`. You can use `break` to separate elements with a new line.

> - **children** - optional field to defined widgets used for rendering array items. If not provided, the content is rendered as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **children** - an optional field to define widgets used for rendering array items. If not provided, the content is rendered as a string.
```
